Add new setting queue_size inside whodata configuration block (#5942)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/syscheck.rst

.. warning:: The health check ensures that the rules required by Whodata can be set in Audit correctly and also that the generated events can be obtained. Disabling the health check may cause functioning problems in Whodata and loss of FIM events.

**queue_size**

> Sets the maximum capacity of the queue that stores the audit dispatcher events. **Linux systems with Audit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the maximum capacity of the queue that stores the audit dispatcher events. This option applies to **Linux systems with Audit**.
```

Author: Done

+--------------------+---------------------------------+
| **Default value**  | 16384                           |
+--------------------+---------------------------------+
| **Allowed values** | Any number from 10 to 1048576   |
+--------------------+---------------------------------+

> .. warning:: If the queue becomes full, some audit events may be lost. However, the next scheduled scan will generate the missing alerts, without the audit information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: If the queue fills up, some audit events may be lost. However, the next scheduled scan will generate the missing alerts without the audit information.
```

Author: Done
